page 1 - Student attendance straight from the cloud (desktop monitor with picture of general UI)
	Productname is a cloud-based attendance monitoring system that lets you focus more on doing what you do best while keeping track of your 	 attendance for you.

page 2 - Keep parents involved (Iphone 6 plus with sample sms, Nexus 5 with sample App UI)
	Productname notifies parents via sms whenever their kids enter and leave the campus. A mobile app is also available for them to keep 		track of their kids' attendance from every corner of the globe. This is especially helpful for Overseas Filipino Workers (OFWs)

Page 3 - Keep parents noted (Macbook Pro with sample text blast)
	You can send custom reminders and alerts about anything using productname's text blast feature.

Page 4 - Let autopilot do all the work (calendar picture with faded corners)
	You can use productname's online calendar to schedule all school events and irregular classes ahead of time and let it take care of the 	attendance all year long with no man power required.

Page 5 - Access from anywhere, with any device (multiple device pic with general UI)
	Because it's all in the cloud, you can view realtime information about your attendance from anywhere with an internet connection.
	And with productname's responsive design, you can use any device to do so.



Why CleverCloud?

1. We use state of the art Kiosks designed to hande thousands of transactions per day.
   Logo: monitor

2. Package includes elegant turnstiles that are designed for better and fool proof pedestrian traffic control
   Logo: glyphicon-transfer

3. All data transfers are encrypted for better security
   Logo: Padlock with 'https'

4. SMS notifications conatain your school's name as the sender instead of a random prepaid sim card number

5. No special sim cards required. Our service is readily available to all telco networks in the country



LEAVE US A MESSAGE

We wouold love to hear from you. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or converns about our services.
For technical support and issues, please contact support@clevercloud.com or call 555-0420
